Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
and today we'll be talking about a science
fiction film called Jupiter Ascending!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere in the far corners of the universe,
an entire civilization appears to have vanished,
leaving only buildings and cars behind.
Apparently, the population was harvested by
a powerful family known as the Abrasax, consisting
of the eldest brother Balem, the younger brother
Titus and their sister Kalique.
All three children have inherited numerous
planets from their recently deceased mother,
and they're obviously fighting over the estates.
The youngest brother is quite envious towards
Balem, who obtained a valuable planet known
as Earth that's worth more than all his properties
combined.
Somewhere in the city of Chicago, A woman
named Jupiter is working as a cleaner for
the rich neighbors, and she seems to hate
her job very much.
Her family doesn't offer her much help either,
as they refuse to lend her money, only wanting
her to work for them like a slave.
Jupiter's cousin is the worst out of everyone
else, as he wants the girl to sell her eggs
like a chicken to the pharmacy, so that he
can make a few extra bucks.
Surprisingly, the woman actually agrees to
this as she also desires to buy something
that's way out of her budget.
At night, a mysterious hunter named Caine
goes to a clinic in order to search for his
bounty.
It turns out that the the man is looking for
the main character, and he's able to identify
her using the smell alone.
However, he quickly notices other bounty hunters
outside the building, waiting to ambush him
the moment he goes out.
Caine prepares the weapons and actives the
boots that allows him to levitate in the air.
The man rushes outside where multiple shots
are bombarded towards him, but Caine is able
to dodge them effectively and block them using
his shield.
He manages to counter quickly and wounds one
of the assassins, taking the opportunity to
escape from the enemies.
Apparently, they are hired by lord Balem to
track down Jupiter as well, but the leader
plans to betray their master along side his
most trusted comrade.
The hunters reported their finding to Balem's
sister, Kalique, who offers them a better
deal compared to her brother.
At the same time, lord Balem has received
the news from his team about the girl, but
the hunters were not able to retrieve any
photos, only her genetic identifier from the
clinic.
Balem order his minions to go through everyone
around the woman's address and kill her immediately
upon confirming her identity.
Back on Earth, Jupiter is cleaning the house
for her employer, who's struggles about what
to wear for the upcoming date.
When the woman goes to grab a dress for her
friend, she notices something wrong as she
sees the woman being lifted in the air by
multiple aliens, trying to identify her genetics.
Suddenly, Jupiter's phone rings and startles
the creatures, causing them to rush aggressively
towards her.
Moments later, the two are returned to their
previous locations with their memories erased,
but Jupiter can't help but feel that something
is not right.
She arrives at the clinic after work, but
notices everyone staring at her strangely.
The nurse calls the woman in for the operation,
but Jupiter begins panicking after the physicians
begin tying up her arms and legs, levitating
her into the air.
The doctors confirm that they have the right
person, and proceeds to try and kill her.
Luckily, Caine rushes in just in time and
begins shooting at the imposters, revealing
that they are in fact the aliens from before.
The little monsters attack the hunter like
wild beasts, but the man is able to knock
them back and kill them with his weapon, before
taking Jupiter to a safe place.
Apparently, Canine is working for Balem's
brother, Titus, who's well aware of his sibling's
plan to eliminate the girl.
The man tries to explain that he's a bioengineered
human who has the DNA of Canines, and that
she's far from the only intelligent species
in the universe.
Caine tells her that she's likely targeted
by a powerful man who wants her dead, and
they must leave right now.
The hunter brings Jupiter outside the building
and carries her in the air, as they prepare
to board the ship that was sent here by Titus.
Their escape is quickly interrupted when multiple
enemy ships appear from the atmosphere and
fire at them, destroying their only way out
from this planet.
The huge explosion sends both of them flying,
but Caine is able to recover quickly and catch
the woman before she drops to her death.
The hunter tries escaping while carrying Jupiter,
but the enemies follow closely behind and
begin shooting furiously at them.
Caine is able to dodge the attacks using his
amazing agility and block the shots with the
shield, but the aliens cause tremendous damage
as they break through everything in their
way.
After escaping a giant explosion, The hunter
manages to land on one of the enemies as the
ship begins to accelerate quickly, trying
to throw both of them off.
Caine tries to hang on desperately and eventually
is able open the ship's door and throw out
the alien, planning to use the vehicle for
himself.
The enemies pursue him closely behind while
shooting continuously, but Caine is able to
evade the attacks and destroy them one by
one.
The last alien charges directly at the hunter,
but Caine counters at the last moment, slicing
the enemy in to pieces.
He catches onto the falling woman once again,
and finally brings her to safety after destroying
the entire army.
In order to find a reliable shelter away from
the enemies, Caine brings Jupiter to one of
his comrades called Stinger, who's also a
genetically engineered human.
The man quickly notices that the bees are
acting strangely around Jupiter as they all
seem to listen to woman's command.
He immediately kneels down and realizes her
true identity as a member of the royal family.
Stinger explains that bees are engineered
to have the ability to recognize royalty,
and the fact that she can control the insects
means that she's a royal descendent.
Apparently, Stinger was Caine's commanding
officer in the military,
but the latter attacked a person from the
royal family which resulted in both of their
wings being cut off as punishment.
This is also why Caine has agreed to work
for Titus, as he wants to help his comrade
get back what they have lost.
Stinger tells Jupiter that the people on Earth
were evolved from a distant planet called
Orous.
The original humans combined their DNA into
a specie on earth and grew a population that
multiplies exponentially.
When the specie's numbers reach a tipping
point, the original humans will begin a process
called the harvesting.
Their Conversation is cut short when the bees
begin to fly chaotically inside the room,
indicating that enemies are nearby.
Stinger quickly takes the woman away while
Caine decides to stay and give them time to
escape.
The man shoots furiously at the enemies outside,
but gets knocked away by a massive shockwave.
He recovers quickly and begins attacking the
invaders, knocking them out as he deflects
the incoming shots from the enemies.
Stinger brings Jupiter outside and is quickly
attacked by numerous aliens, but the man is
able to kill them using his weapon.
However, they eventually run into one the
the hunters who knocks Stinger to the ground
using a powerful shockwave.
Jupiter tires to use the bees to attack the
enemy in order to buy her time to escape,
but the man recovers quickly and fires at
her, knocking her unconscious.
The aliens quickly surround the girl, but
before she can be killed, multiple shots are
fired towards them as the leader of the hunters
betray his team and kills off everyone.
Caine rushes out from the house after killing
all the hunters, but only to see that Jupiter
is being taken into the spaceship.
He rushes towards the vehicle desperately
while using his flying boots, and grabs onto
the plane before takeoff.
The bounty hunters eventually arrive at a
planet that looks very similar to Earth, and
they enter the atmosphere in order to meet
with Kalique, the sister of Balem.
Caine takes the chance to escape from the
ship and waits for the right time in order
to save the girl from her captors.
At night, Jupiter wakes up in a fancy room
and is greeted by Kalique herself, but she's
quickly astonished by the girl appearance.
The woman takes Jupiter to a room full of
candles, where a statue that appears to resemble
the main character stands in front of them.
The woman learns that Kalique is actually
14000 years old, and the statue is her mother,
who died not so long ago.
Apparently, Jupiter is born genetically identical
to Kalique's mother, meaning that she has
the right to their inheritance, which includes
the planet Earth.
Kalique shows Jupiter her Lazareth pit, where
she enters the pool and regains her youth
almost immediately.
She explains that they have the means to revive
the human cells, and express that the most
valuable commodity is time itself.
However, their conversation is cut short when
Caine rushes in to save Jupiter, threatening
that he's called the law enforcers known as
the Aegis towards their location.
Surprisingly, Kalique doesn't stop the hunter,
only wishing Jupiter good fortune in the future.
The two boards the ship of the officers, where
the captain plans to take Jupiter to the planet
Orous, so that she may claim the title to
the inheritance.
After changing into something more comfortable,
the woman thanks Caine for rescuing her once
again, and tries seducing the man with her
female assets.
Caine tells her that it's a bad idea since
he's more related to dogs than humans, but
Jupiter becomes more excited as she apparently
has a thing for canines.
Upon realizing that the woman is a furry,
Caine leaves right away, Not wanting to pay
any child supports in the future.
After some time, the group finally arrives
at Humanity's birth place, and sees a massive
planet that's imbedded in technology.
With the help of an android, Jupiter is able
to claim her title after going through a series
of ridiculous processes.
Just before they can celebrate, the two are
surrounded by mercenaries sent by Titus, here
to capture the main character.
Jupiter is brought towards the second brother
of the Abrasax family, and the man assures
her that he's on her side.
He takes the woman to their storage area and
shows her the countless bottles of human essence,
each are made from hundreds of people that
are grown by the family.
Jupiter is shocked at this realization and
drops the container, but Titus promises her
that he feels the same disgust.
He tells her that much like his mother before
she died, he plans to stop the farming of
human beings,
and wants the woman to be his wife and take
over his properties incase he was killed by
his siblings.
However, the man's true objective is quickly
revealed as he plans to terminate Caine for
not bringing the woman to him like they planned.
The marriage that Titus proposed was only
to obtain Earth from Jupiter, and he plans
to kill her right after the ceremony.
Caine is furious at this realization, as Titus
plans to send him out into space, but the
hunter is able take the emergency suits in
the last moment as he flies in to the void.
After struggling in zero gravity, Caine manages
to put on one of the suits and save himself
temporarily as he only has 30 minutes of oxygen.
Luckily, the spaceship from Aegis arrives
at the man's location right before he suffocates
and Caine tells the officers about the plan
of Titus.
He Recruits Stinger and the two plans to crash
the wedding in order to stop Titus from killing
the woman and stealing the planet from her.
They go inside the battle suits provided by
the Aegis and flies quickly towards their
enemy.
At the same time, Titus is able to convince
Jupiter to marry him, after gaining her trust
by giving the woman a pardon for the crimes
that Canine has committed along side his commander.
She wears the wedding gown provided by the
man and walks towards the ceremony, only to
see a crowd of people cheering in the celebration.
Jupiter goes on the platform and levitates
towards the center, but Titus realizes that
invaders are heading towards their ship and
orders the drones to stop them no matter the
cost.
A horde of Warhammers are sent towards the
two hunters, but they are able to open a way
into the massive formation by shooting furiously
at the drones.
The machines are able to cause great difficulty
as they try and block the hunters, but Caine
is able to breakthrough along side his commander
as they dodge all the enemies.
Before Titus can finish the marriage by printing
the ring onto Jupiter's finger, Caine crashes
into the massive ship and flies towards the
woman, forcing the man to stop the schemes.
Jupiter is shocked at the man's betrayal,
but only leaves the place with Caine without
killing the schemer.
The woman gives the hunter the pardon that
she took from Titus, and tells him that all
she wants right now is to go back to her families.
However, when they arrive back on Earth, Jupiter
notices that her house has been infiltrated
and her families no where in sight.
Balem's minions appear from the shadows and
assures that the woman's families are save
for time being, but threatens to kill them
unless Jupiter hands over Earth to his lord.
With no other choice, the main character agrees
to go to Balem knowing fully that she may
never return.
The Ageis follows Balem's men closely as they
enter the atmosphere of Jupiter,
but the enemies quickly close down the portal
upon entry and forces their ship to abort,
as the massive gravity from the planet tries
to rip them apart.
Jupiter is brought to a large room where she
finally meets the infamous Balem of the Abrasax
family.
He shows the woman her families who are being
prepared to be extracted, and demands that
she give him back the planet of Earth.
After seeing her mother about to be killed
like a common animal, Jupiter begs the man
to let them go and promises to give him the
planet.
Meanwhile, Caine contemplates as he stares
at the massive planet, but after hearing the
encouraging words of his commander, the man
decides to save the woman no matter the cost.
He gets into a combat suit and flies directly
into the eye of the planet, rushing into the
hurricanes as lightning strikes him repeatedly.
Caine arrives closer and closer towards the
portal, as the atmosphere tears apart his
vehicle piece by piece.
The man continues to charge forwards and eventually
breaks through the shields and crashes into
the giant factory.
At the the same, Jupiter has realized that
if she hands over the planet to Balem, she
not only has doomed everyone on Earth, but
the man will probably never let her family
go as well.
She decides to make the bold move of sacrificing
herself, so that no one on the planet will
suffer the same fate.
Their conversation is interrupted, when Balem
notices the gasses leaking into the factory
and orders his man to stop it right away.
A large explosion shakes the ground as Caine
rushes in to kill all the enemies and save
Jupiter's family.
Balem rushes towards the girl and tries to
kill her, but she retaliates and kicks the
man right in the family jewels, before being
saved by the hunter.
Caine fights furiously with the aliens and
kills them one by one, while Jupiter quickly
relocates her family away from danger.
The gasses begin to spread through out the
factory as flames consume everything in sight,
causing the people to evacuate quickly from
the planet.
The Aegis sees this and rushes towards the
portal, trying to save their comrades who
are trapped inside.
While trying to save her families, Jupiter
is ambushed by Balem who tries to kill her
out of vengeance, but the two are quickly
taken underground as the floor caves in from
the explosions.
they are dragged into a tunnel as they continue
to fall, but Jupiter is able to catch herself
and escape from the enemy.
Meanwhile, Caine manages to make contact with
the Aegis and brings all the humans on board
away from the exploding planet,
and tells the officers to wait for him as
he goes to rescue the main character.
On the other side, Balem appears behind Jupiter
before she can escape and strikes her down,
trying to kill the woman as he forces her
towards the edge of the building.
He confesses that he was the one responsible
for killing his own mother, and swears that
he'll do the same to her reincarnation,
but the villains always talk too much before
killing their prey, giving the woman a chance
to retaliate and regain the advantage.
The buildings around them starts falling apart,
and the two begin sliding towards the cliff,
throwing Balem into the air as he scream hopelessly.
Soon, Jupiter is thrown off the platform as
well, but unlike the villain, her friend catch
her just in time and prevents her from being
killed.
They rush towards the Aegis as the the facility
is covered in flames, and the giant spaceship
is forced to begin opening the wormhole to
escape this area.
Caine continues to fly towards the ship while
carrying his friend, and a bright light appears
as everything is teleported away right into
the airspace of Earth.
Luckily, the two made it just in time as they
drift on the outer reaches of the planet,
overlooking the beautiful marble that contains
billions of lives.
Sometimes later, Caine has regained his wings
and embraces Jupiter warmly, before the two
finally share a passionate kiss.
They fly off into the distance as the woman
has given Earth a new purpose and freed her
people from their terrible fates.
So what do you guys think about this movie,
let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video please press like and subscribe
for more!
I'll see you guys next time!